Support for `value_from_key_vault` in `azurerm_api_management_named_value` (#12309)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/api_management_named_value.html.markdown

* `display_name` - (Required) The display name of this API Management Named Value.

* `value` - (Optional) The value of this API Management Named Value.

* `key_vault` - (Optional) A `key_vault` block as defined below.

* `secret` - (Optional) Specifies whether the API Management Named Value is secret. Valid values are `true` or `false`. The default value is `false`.

~> **NOTE:** setting the field `secret` to `true` doesn't make this field sensitive in Terraform, instead it marks the value as secret and encrypts the value in Azure.

* `tags` - (Optional) A list of tags to be applied to the API Management Named Value.

---

A `key_vault` block supports the following:

> * `secret_id` - (Required) The resource id of the Key Vault Secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `secret_id` - (Required) The resource ID of the Key Vault Secret.
```

> * `identity_client_id` - (Required) The client id of the SystemAssigned Identity or UserAssigned Identity of the Api Management Service, which will be used to access the key vault secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `identity_client_id` - (Required) The client ID of the System Assigned Identity, or User Assigned Identity, for the API Management Service, which will be used to access the key vault secret.
```
